Theme: Delay the inevitable

Ideas:

    Spread Lights (Fire) from torch to torch, until they all burn out.
        start with at a fire gem of sorts.
        spread the fire to fireplaces and torches and lanterns.
        they will all slowly burn out.
        darkness hurts so you have to stay in the light.
        you need to go into the darkness to light new lights.
        firegem slowly loses health when there is not other fire(light) in the world.
        but you have to keep going further out into the darkness to find more things to light.
        the more lights there are the more health the gem has.


    incoming meteor

    Starving? I just wanted the theme to be garden tbh.

    zombie horde apoclypse style shelter bunker holding
        defend a bunker shelter from hordes of zombies.

    sinking large multiroom ship. Keep patching holes?

    save everyone you can before bad happens? saving people decrease times. increasing time risks losing peoeple?

    you are the enemy boss. and you must delay the hero
        mario maker style game
        or
        story style puzzle game

    ball rolling, keep it from stopping

    story game about sun collapsing?

    vampire that must delay sunrise?

    Time travel game to stop the apoclypse 

    spaceship lifeship running out of fuel.

    constant running from more and more enemies
        pretty much a keep away game that keeps getting more difficult.
        idk what part is delay other than staying alive.

    story game of cats taking over the universe

    rising water. delay by building platforms and buildings
        rain starts raining as a warning of water level rising. 
        water then raises by a large amount. 
        So you have to have prepared.
        prepare by building upwards with materials.
        collect materials when it is not raining.
        growing trees maybe? for wood materials?
        growing rocks? you know. like a normal thing to do.
        maybe have food and thirst.
        starts with a ton of resources but as you go up you have less resources.
        making a building game sounds miseriable tho.


    teraria style world corruption?